document modbus fp32 datatype (#1590)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/modbus_controller.rst

The controller connects to the UART of the MCU. For ESP32  GPIO PIN 16 to TXD PIN 17 to RXD are the default ports but any other pins can be used as well . 3.3V to VCC and GND to GND.

.. note::

>     If your are using an ESP82xx serial logging may cause problems reading from uart. For best results hardware serial is prefered. Software serial may not be able to read all received data if other components spend a lot of time in loop()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you are using an ESP8266, serial logging may cause problems reading from UART. For best results, hardware serial is recommended. Software serial may not be able to read all received data if other components spend a lot of time in the ``loop()``.
```

    
    For hardware serial only a limited set of pins can be used. Either `tx_pin: GPIO1` and `rx_pin: GPIO3`  or `tx_pin: GPIO15` and `rx_pin: GPIO13`.
    
    The disadvantage of using the hardware uart is that you can't use serial logging because the serial logs would be sent to the modbus device and cause errors.
    

>     Serial logging can be disable by setting `baud_rate: 0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Serial logging can be disabled by setting `baud_rate: 0`.
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    esphome:
        name: solarstation
        platform: ESP32

>         board: esp32dev

Reviewer: No need to ad extra spaces here? (Should be 2 spaces for yaml)

Author: right - the linter errors about the 4 spaces  confused me.
Branch is changed to next now
